README.md, before:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/light-darkmode.css">

# Server Info

## [<span style="color:red">EMERCENCY WARNING! DO NOT USE ANY VERSION LOWER THAN <u>1.18.1</u> UNLESS ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY! CLICK ON THIS WARNING FOR MORE INFO.</span>](/MinecraftServer/emergencywarning1181)


### [<span style="color:DeepSkyBlue">View the Server Changelog</span>](/MinecraftServer/changelog)

### Downtime
### Unplanned Downtime will be here in <span style="color:red">red</span> if there is any.
### <span style="color:red">Downtime: The server is currently down indefinetely until further notice.</span>
#### <span style="color:blue">The server experiences planned downtime every week on Fridays at 8:00pm to conduct backups.</span>
#### Version Info
The server is currently using Minecraft 1.18.1  

#### Whitelist
The current list of whitelisted players can be found on the wiki [here](/MinecraftServer/whitelist).  
Use this to see if your friends are able to join.  

#### Wiki
Thanks to Gabe's hard work, the server now has a WIP Wiki!  
[Minecraft Server Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki).  

#### Dependencies
It's recommended to use optifine, which can be downloaded from optifine's website.  

The Server also uses a resource pack, which should be installed automatically by Minecraft when you join the server. If it doesn't, you can grab it [here](https://github.com/GabeThatGuy/MinecraftServer/raw/General-Info/Server-Resources/Resource%20Pack/vane-resource-pack.zip)  

If you use OptiFine and your computer is powerful enough to run shaders, I suggest downloading and installing my shaderpack which is heavily based on continuity shaders. Grab it [here](https://github.com/GabeThatGuy/MinecraftServer/raw/General-Info/Server-Resources/shaderpack/gabes-shaders.zip).  

#### Site Info
Click [<span style ="color:red">here</span>](/MinecraftServer/site-info) to see how this site was built and how it's run.

Commit message:

Added the Interactive Map to the Site.

README.md, after:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/light-darkmode.css">

# Server Info

## [<span style="color:red">EMERCENCY WARNING! DO NOT USE ANY VERSION LOWER THAN <u>1.18.1</u> UNLESS ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY! CLICK ON THIS WARNING FOR MORE INFO.</span>](/MinecraftServer/emergencywarning1181)


### [<span style="color:DeepSkyBlue">View the Server Changelog</span>](/MinecraftServer/changelog)

### A live, interactive map of the Minecraft Server can be accessed [here.](/MinecraftServer/interactivemap) 

### Downtime
### Unplanned Downtime will be here in <span style="color:red">red</span> if there is any.
### <span style="color:red">Downtime: The server is currently down indefinetely until further notice.</span>
#### <span style="color:blue">The server experiences planned downtime every week on Fridays at 8:00pm to conduct backups.</span>
#### Version Info
The server is currently using Minecraft 1.18.1  

#### Whitelist
The current list of whitelisted players can be found on the wiki [here](/MinecraftServer/whitelist).  
Use this to see if your friends are able to join.  

#### Wiki
Thanks to Gabe's hard work, the server now has a WIP Wiki!  
[Minecraft Server Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki).  

#### Dependencies
It's recommended to use optifine, which can be downloaded from optifine's website.  

The Server also uses a resource pack, which should be installed automatically by Minecraft when you join the server. If it doesn't, you can grab it [here](https://github.com/GabeThatGuy/MinecraftServer/raw/General-Info/Server-Resources/Resource%20Pack/vane-resource-pack.zip)  

If you use OptiFine and your computer is powerful enough to run shaders, I suggest downloading and installing my shaderpack which is heavily based on continuity shaders. Grab it [here](https://github.com/GabeThatGuy/MinecraftServer/raw/General-Info/Server-Resources/shaderpack/gabes-shaders.zip).  

#### Site Info
Click [<span style ="color:red">here</span>](/MinecraftServer/site-info) to see how this site was built and how it's run.
