wiki/m3.md, before:

## [/ Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki) [/ Projects](/MinecraftServer/wiki/projects) / M3
### Facts
-  Constructed by Gabe in Survival Mode in December 2021.  
-  A mistake was made during the planning phase which resulted in collecting over 10 times more Terracotta than was required. Much of this was deleted since storing 315,000 items in Minecraft is not feasible.  
-  Constructed from 25300 blocks of terracotta for the walls and almost 10,000 blocks for the extended portion that sticks out.  
-  49 Netherite Pickaxes were consumed in mining the materials for this project, in addition to 4 diamond pickaxes with silk touch.  
-  After counting the hours in detail, and factoring in some time for breaks and distractions, it is estimated that the project took over 83 hours (calculated 83.2).  

### Here are many images of M3:  

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's House
![m3fc1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc1.png)

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's Cabin
![m3fc2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc2.png)

#### M3 Seen from Elysian Island
![m3fc3](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc3.png)

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's Farm
![m3fc4](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc4.png)

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's Bedroom
![m3fc5](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc5.png)

#### M3 Under Construction seen from The Arena's Bleachers
![m3uc1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3uc1.png)

Commit message:

Updated all files to reflect Valerie's Identity.

wiki/m3.md, after:

## [/ Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki) [/ Projects](/MinecraftServer/wiki/projects) / M3
### Facts
-  Constructed by Valerie in Survival Mode in December 2021.  
-  A mistake was made during the planning phase which resulted in collecting over 10 times more Terracotta than was required. Much of this was deleted since storing 315,000 items in Minecraft is not feasible.  
-  Constructed from 25300 blocks of terracotta for the walls and almost 10,000 blocks for the extended portion that sticks out.  
-  49 Netherite Pickaxes were consumed in mining the materials for this project, in addition to 4 diamond pickaxes with silk touch.  
-  After counting the hours in detail, and factoring in some time for breaks and distractions, it is estimated that the project took over 83 hours (calculated 83.2).  

### Here are many images of M3:  

#### M3 Seen from Valerie's Old House
![m3fc1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc1.png)

#### M3 Seen from Valerie's Cabin
![m3fc2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc2.png)

#### M3 Seen from Elysian Island
![m3fc3](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc3.png)

#### M3 Seen from Valerie's Farm
![m3fc4](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc4.png)

#### M3 Seen from Valerie's Old Bedroom
![m3fc5](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc5.png)

#### M3 Under Construction seen from The Arena's Bleachers
![m3uc1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3uc1.png)
