wiki/projects.md, before:



## Our Server's Projects
The projects on this page are listed in chronological order (newest first).  

### December 2021 - The M3
Facts:  A full scale replica of the M3 Condo in Mississauga, Ontario.  Built entirely by hand by Gabe in survival mode. Gabe died 3 times during construction.  
Construction Started: November 26, 2021  
Construction Finished: December 15, 2021  
Time Taken: 83.2 hours across approximately two weeks.  

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's Cabin
![m3fc2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc2.png)

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's House
![m3fc1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc1.png)

#### More images and details of M3 can be found by clicking [here](/MinecraftServer/wiki/m3).


### December 2021 - The Safe House
Facts:  The safe house is fully underground, and has an infinite source of lava and water for cooking and drinking, as well as brewing.  
Construction Started: December 11, 2021  
Construction Finished: December 11, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 3 hours  

#### The Safe House's Interior
![safehouse](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/safehouse1.png)
#### The Safe House's Smelting Machine
![safehousesmelter](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/safehousesmelter.png)
#### The Safe House's Brewing Station
![safehousebrewery](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/safehousepotions.png)


### November 2021 - The Drowned Farm

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 22, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 24, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 4 hours  
The Drowned farm is intended to produce nautilus shells, copper ingots and rotten flesh. 
More info on how the Drowned farm works can be found [here](/MinecraftServer/wiki/project-info/drownedfarm).

#### The Drowned Farm seen from the air.
![drownedfarm](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/drownedfarm.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### November 2021 - The Copper Man

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 16, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 16, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 2 hours  
Collaborative Build by Gabe & Krissy  

#### The Copper Man seen from Giant's Park  
![copperman](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/copperman.png)  


[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### November 2021 - The Holocaust Memorial

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 11, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 11, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 3 Hours  
Constructed to commemorate the survivors of the holocaust, it also commemorates all soldiers who gave their lives to fight for our freedom.  

#### The Holocaust Monument
![holocaustmemorial](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/holocaustmem.png)  

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)  

### November 2021 - The City Skyline

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 1, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 16, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 30 hours  
The CN Tower Alone took Approx 8 hours total to construct.  
Many Buildings in the City Skyline were transferred during [rebirth](/MinecraftServer/wiki/origin-story#rebirth).  

#### The City Skyline Seen From Gabe's House
![city-close](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/city-close.png)

#### The City Skyline Seen From McDonalds
![city-far](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/city-far.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)


### October 2021 - Giant's Park

Facts:  
Construction Started: Early June, 2021  
Construction Finished: October 30, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 40 hours  
Parts of Giant's Park were transferred during [rebirth](/MinecraftServer/wiki/origin-story#rebirth), and parts were built by Gabe & Krissy in the new world.  

#### View of Giant's Park from the BeaconTree.
![giantspark](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/giantspark.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### August 2021 - The Arena

Facts:  
Construction Started: July 2021  
Construction Finished: August 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 10 Hours  
The Arena has a floor built of obsidian and glowstone, with walls made of sandstone. Surrounded by bleachers, the huge area in the middle is used for PVP battles and could be used for acting as well. The arena has very good view of the skyline in the background.  

#### The Arena seen from the Air
![arena](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/arena.png)  

#### The Skyline seen from the Arena
![arena2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/arena2.png)  

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)


### August 2021 - Gabe's Cabin

Facts:  
Construction Started: Early August, 2021  
Construction Finished: Mid August, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 6 hours  
Gabe's cabin has the only automatic lighting system on the server.

#### Gabe's Cabin: Exterior.
![gabescabin1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/gabescabin1.png)

#### Gabe's Cabin: Interior.
![gabescabin2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/gabescabin2.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### December 2020 - The Pyramid

Facts:  
Construction Started: December 2020  
Construction Finished: February 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 40 Hours  
The Pyramid is one of our greatest monuments on our server, mostly inspired by Julian's immense excess of free time, plus his indestructible resolve to flatten the desert (we had to do something with the sandstone).  

#### The Pyramid seen from the Groundway
![thepyramid](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/thepyramid.png)  

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### September 2020 - Gabe's New House
Facts: The foundation was built by Gabe and Julian in survival mode entirely. The Livingspace was built by Gabe in survival mode, and Gabe's farm was transferred during rebirth. It was also built in survival mode.  

Construction Started: September 3, 2020  
Construction Finished: September 29, 2020  
Time taken: Approx 150 hours.  

#### Gabe's House & Farm seen from M3 in December 2021.
![gabeshouse](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/gabeshouse.png)  


### July 2020 - The Hotel
Facts: Built by Gabe and Julian by hand in survival mode. Built with stone bricks and contains the most advanced elevator system on the server.  
Construction Started July 5, 2020  
Construction Finished July 7, 2020  
Time taken: Approx 50 hours.  
One of the buildings transferred during [rebirth](/MinecraftServer/wiki/origin-story#rebirth).
#### The Hotel Under Construction on Day 1
![The Hotel Under Construction on Day 1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/hotel-construct-1.png)

#### The Hotel Under Construction on Day 3
![The Hotel Under Construction on Day 3](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/hotel-construct-2.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

Commit message:

Added new projects to projects.md

wiki/projects.md, after:



## Our Server's Projects
The projects on this page are listed in chronological order (newest first).  

### February 2022 - Gabe's Lake House & The City of Birchwood
The pages for these projects will be separate since they both have lots of images. Click the links below to see them:
[Gabe's Lake House](/MinecraftServer/wiki/projects/glh)  
[City of Birchwood](/MinecraftServer/wiki/projects/birchwood)  


### January 2022 - The Odysseus Tower
Facts: A large tower that is meant to look similar to the eye of sauron from the movie *The Lord of the Rings*.  
Construction Finished: January 11, 2022  
Time Taken: 5 Hours  

#### Odysseus Tower seen from Gabe's House
![odysseus](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/birchwood/odysseus_tower.png)

### December 2021 - The M3
Facts:  A full scale replica of the M3 Condo in Mississauga, Ontario.  Built entirely by hand by Gabe in survival mode. Gabe died 3 times during construction.  
Construction Started: November 26, 2021  
Construction Finished: December 15, 2021  
Time Taken: 83.2 hours across approximately two weeks.  

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's Cabin
![m3fc2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc2.png)

#### M3 Seen from Gabe's House
![m3fc1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/m3fc1.png)

#### More images and details of M3 can be found by clicking [here](/MinecraftServer/wiki/m3).


### December 2021 - The Safe House
Facts:  The safe house is fully underground, and has an infinite source of lava and water for cooking and drinking, as well as brewing.  
Construction Started: December 11, 2021  
Construction Finished: December 11, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 3 hours  

#### The Safe House's Interior
![safehouse](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/safehouse1.png)
#### The Safe House's Smelting Machine
![safehousesmelter](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/safehousesmelter.png)
#### The Safe House's Brewing Station
![safehousebrewery](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/safehousepotions.png)


### November 2021 - The Drowned Farm

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 22, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 24, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 4 hours  
The Drowned farm is intended to produce nautilus shells, copper ingots and rotten flesh. 
More info on how the Drowned farm works can be found [here](/MinecraftServer/wiki/project-info/drownedfarm).

#### The Drowned Farm seen from the air.
![drownedfarm](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/drownedfarm.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### November 2021 - The Copper Man

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 16, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 16, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 2 hours  
Collaborative Build by Gabe & Krissy  

#### The Copper Man seen from Giant's Park  
![copperman](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/copperman.png)  


[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### November 2021 - The Holocaust Memorial

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 11, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 11, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 3 Hours  
Constructed to commemorate the survivors of the holocaust, it also commemorates all soldiers who gave their lives to fight for our freedom.  

#### The Holocaust Monument
![holocaustmemorial](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/holocaustmem.png)  

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)  

### November 2021 - The City Skyline

Facts:  
Construction Started: November 1, 2021  
Construction Finished: November 16, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 30 hours  
The CN Tower Alone took Approx 8 hours total to construct.  
Many Buildings in the City Skyline were transferred during [rebirth](/MinecraftServer/wiki/origin-story#rebirth).  

#### The City Skyline Seen From Gabe's House
![city-close](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/city-close.png)

#### The City Skyline Seen From McDonalds
![city-far](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/city-far.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)


### October 2021 - Giant's Park

Facts:  
Construction Started: Early June, 2021  
Construction Finished: October 30, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 40 hours  
Parts of Giant's Park were transferred during [rebirth](/MinecraftServer/wiki/origin-story#rebirth), and parts were built by Gabe & Krissy in the new world.  

#### View of Giant's Park from the BeaconTree.
![giantspark](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/giantspark.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### August 2021 - The Arena

Facts:  
Construction Started: July 2021  
Construction Finished: August 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 10 Hours  
The Arena has a floor built of obsidian and glowstone, with walls made of sandstone. Surrounded by bleachers, the huge area in the middle is used for PVP battles and could be used for acting as well. The arena has very good view of the skyline in the background.  

#### The Arena seen from the Air
![arena](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/arena.png)  

#### The Skyline seen from the Arena
![arena2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/arena2.png)  

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)


### August 2021 - Gabe's Cabin

Facts:  
Construction Started: Early August, 2021  
Construction Finished: Mid August, 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 6 hours  
Gabe's cabin has the only automatic lighting system on the server.

#### Gabe's Cabin: Exterior.
![gabescabin1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/gabescabin1.png)

#### Gabe's Cabin: Interior.
![gabescabin2](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/gabescabin2.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### December 2020 - The Pyramid

Facts:  
Construction Started: December 2020  
Construction Finished: February 2021  
Time Taken: Approx 40 Hours  
The Pyramid is one of our greatest monuments on our server, mostly inspired by Julian's immense excess of free time, plus his indestructible resolve to flatten the desert (we had to do something with the sandstone).  

#### The Pyramid seen from the Groundway
![thepyramid](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/thepyramid.png)  

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)

### September 2020 - Gabe's New House
Facts: The foundation was built by Gabe and Julian in survival mode entirely. The Livingspace was built by Gabe in survival mode, and Gabe's farm was transferred during rebirth. It was also built in survival mode.  

Construction Started: September 3, 2020  
Construction Finished: September 29, 2020  
Time taken: Approx 150 hours.  

#### Gabe's House & Farm seen from M3 in December 2021.
![gabeshouse](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/gabeshouse.png)  


### July 2020 - The Hotel
Facts: Built by Gabe and Julian by hand in survival mode. Built with stone bricks and contains the most advanced elevator system on the server.  
Construction Started July 5, 2020  
Construction Finished July 7, 2020  
Time taken: Approx 50 hours.  
One of the buildings transferred during [rebirth](/MinecraftServer/wiki/origin-story#rebirth).
#### The Hotel Under Construction on Day 1
![The Hotel Under Construction on Day 1](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/hotel-construct-1.png)

#### The Hotel Under Construction on Day 3
![The Hotel Under Construction on Day 3](/MinecraftServer/assets/images/projectimages/hotel-construct-2.png)

[Back to the Wiki](/MinecraftServer/wiki)
